RN45085 (#6230)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Functions/Dashboards_and_Low_Code_Apps/GQI/Query_Data_Sources/Get_alarms.md

| Root Alarm ID | DMAID/EID/RootAlarmID, e.g., `537/45/2184182` | HostingDMAID/RootAlarmID, e.g., `537/2184182` |

In the table above, "DMAID" refers to the DataMiner ID of the DataMiner Agent where the element was originally created. "HostingDMAID" refers to the DataMiner ID of the DataMiner Agent currently hosting the element and managing its alarms. Most of the time, these two values will be the same, but they may differ, for example, when an element is exported from one Agent and imported onto another Agent. In this case, the element retains the original DMAID, but the HostingDMAID will reflect the new Agent's ID.

> From DataMiner Web 10.6.6 [CU0] (MR 10.5.0 CU15/10.6.0 [CU3]) onwards, columns representing custom properties of an alarm will be represented in GQI by their name instead of their ID. This ensures that when queries are exported to other DataMiner systems that have the same custom properties, the query remains executable. Queries created before this version that reference custom property columns will remain working, and these columns will be suffixed with `(Legacy)` when selected within the query builder. <!-- RN 45085 -->

Reviewer: Some things I would rephrase like 'custom properties', 'remains executable', 'will remain working' and some sentence structures.

```suggestion
From DataMiner Web 10.6.6 [CU0] (MR 10.5.0 CU15/10.6.0 [CU3]) onwards, property columns for alarms will be linked to the underlying property by name instead of by ID. This allows queries to be reused across DataMiner systems where the same property can have a different ID. Existing queries will still reference properties by ID to remain backwards compatible. The existing property columns will be marked as legacy columns in the query builder and can be updated manually when necessary. <!-- RN 45085 -->
```
